Did and again lie still, he said, and he ran across the prairie with a blanket over his head.
Many a time from out of saddle, Utah's held a trailing rope, far to help Lenore at foot feet, for he knew his only hope.
Every boy on the cow range, they all gave a crime.
C.S.A., the boss's daughter, but they knew that he would die.
Many a times that cattle, U.S.A.
held a trailing roll, or to help Lenore at full speed, for he knew his only hope.
U.S.A.
turned maddened cattle from Lenore, his little friend, though the cattle came on rushing, and he stopped to meet his ends.
Quickly then from out of cavern, he used no care his pistol drew.
For he knew he must stop fighting like a cowboy brave and true.
The pistol flashed light lolling, and the report seemed loud and clear, though the cattle came on rushing, and he dropped the leading steer.
The cattle came on rushing and my partner had to fall, never more to saddle a bronco or to give a cattle call.
He died out on the ranges and it seemed most awful hard that I could not reach the distance, not in time to say my part.
Every boy on the cow ranch knew how brave Utah died.
When they passed his grave in silence, they would speak his name with pride.
Went to church next Sunday morning, and I heard the preacher saying that he knew that Utah Carroll would be lost on that great day.